## Session 1

### None


## Session 2

### Reverse a String
Write a function that reverses a string.

### Substring
Write a function that takes in two strings and returns true if the second string is substring of the first, and false otherwise.

### Next Prime
Given a number, return the next smallest prime number

Note: A prime number is greater than one and has no other factors other than 1 and itself.

## Post-Session Assignments

### Multiples of 3 or 5

If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.

Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.

### Even Fibonacci numbers

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

### Happy Number

Write an algorithm to determine if a number n is happy.

A happy number is a number defined by the following process:

- Starting with any positive integer, replace the number by the sum of the squares of its digits.
- Repeat the process until the number equals 1 (where it will stay), or it loops endlessly in a cycle which does not include 1.
Those numbers for which this process ends in 1 are happy.
- Return true if n is a happy number, and false if not.


### Roman to Integer

Roman numerals are represented by seven different symbols: I, V, X, L, C, D and M.

- Symbol       Value
- I             1
- V             5
- X             10
- L             50
- C             100
- D             500
- M             1000

For example, 2 is written as II in Roman numeral, just two one's added together. 12 is written as XII, which is simply X + II. The number 27 is written as XXVII, which is XX + V + II.

Roman numerals are usually written largest to smallest from left to right. However, the numeral for four is not IIII. Instead, the number four is written as IV. Because the one is before the five we subtract it making four. The same principle applies to the number nine, which is written as IX. There are six instances where subtraction is used:

I can be placed before V (5) and X (10) to make 4 and 9. 
X can be placed before L (50) and C (100) to make 40 and 90. 
C can be placed before D (500) and M (1000) to make 400 and 900.
Given a roman numeral, convert it to an integer.